<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rss xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" version="2.0">
    <channel>
      <title>bootc</title>
      <link>https://bootc-dev.github.io</link>
      <description>A tool to build operating systems like we build containers</description>
      <generator>Zola</generator>
      <language>en</language>
      <atom:link href="https://bootc-dev.github.io/rss.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml"/>
      <lastBuildDate>Fri, 18 Jul 2025 00:00:00 +0000</lastBuildDate>
      <item>
          <title>Bootc Community Meeting Notes - 18 July 2025</title>
          <pubDate>Fri, 18 Jul 2025 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
          <author>Unknown</author>
          <link>https://bootc-dev.github.io/news/2025-july-18-community-meeting/</link>
          <guid>https://bootc-dev.github.io/news/2025-july-18-community-meeting/</guid>
          <description xml:base="https://bootc-dev.github.io/news/2025-july-18-community-meeting/">&lt;h3 id=&quot;attendees&quot;&gt;Attendees:&lt;&#x2F;h3&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Laura Santamaria (she&#x2F;her; Red Hat)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Hristo Marinov&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Fernando Lozano&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Colin Walters (he&#x2F;him; Red Hat)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Joseph Marrero Corchado (Red Hat, Inc.)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Matteo Piccinini (n&#x2F;a)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Robert Sturla (Tesco Bank)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Dusty Mabe&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chris Kyrouac&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Gursewak Mangat&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;John Eckersberg (Red Hat, Inc.)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;h3 id=&quot;agenda&quot;&gt;Agenda:&lt;&#x2F;h3&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;bootc-dev&#x2F;bootc&#x2F;pull&#x2F;1422&quot;&gt;Release 1.5.1&lt;&#x2F;a&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thanks @robert!&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Laura] project pavilion update?
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Request form due Monday, shouldn&#x27;t block on travel&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Let&#x27;s do it live&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;âœ…&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Laura] Static site generation for landing page
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Review!&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;bootc-dev&#x2F;bootc-dev.github.io&#x2F;pull&#x2F;3&quot;&gt;bootc-dev&#x2F;bootc-dev.github.io#3&lt;&#x2F;a&gt;&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;adding logos as examples: &lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;fedoraproject.org&#x2F;coreos&#x2F;&quot;&gt;CoreOS site&lt;&#x2F;a&gt;; &lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;projectbluefin.io&#x2F;&quot;&gt;BluefinOS&lt;&#x2F;a&gt;&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Colin] QMU banned contributions from AI. Want to talk about it. Contribution policy?
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Thoughts?&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Require use of &lt;code&gt;&amp;lt;Assisted-by&amp;gt;&lt;&#x2F;code&gt; tag to identify model&#x2F;tool&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Errant AI comment contributed to recent bug&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[John] +1 on attribution&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Dusty] do we want to limit, or allow?
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Colin] has a pretty big impact, so want to know what folks think&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Joseph] note in readme or contributing section makes sense. Maybe have a bot that highlights that on PR? People probably won&#x27;t say anything because part of workflow&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Dusty] Can&#x27;t prevent, but policy. Any examples of wasted time on clearly generated by AI PR
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Colin] Can tell 90% of the time. Most modern foundational models love bulleted lists, so it&#x27;s obvious. Kinda wacky to put md doc in top level of repo for PR&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Laura] gave overview from OSPO and the other container group discussion&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Colin] Will open a discussion&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;h3 id=&quot;todo&quot;&gt;TODO:&lt;&#x2F;h3&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;input disabled=&quot;&quot; type=&quot;checkbox&quot;&#x2F;&gt;
Laura to explore adding logos to PR.&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;input disabled=&quot;&quot; type=&quot;checkbox&quot;&#x2F;&gt;
Laura to add GitHub Actions for publication&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;input disabled=&quot;&quot; type=&quot;checkbox&quot;&#x2F;&gt;
Look for info on domain handling for static site&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;input disabled=&quot;&quot; type=&quot;checkbox&quot;&#x2F;&gt;
Colin to open a discussion about the AI assisted PRs&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;input disabled=&quot;&quot; type=&quot;checkbox&quot; checked=&quot;&quot;&#x2F;&gt;
Laura to find and share the public Containers Cabal recording&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
</description>
      </item>
      <item>
          <title>Bootc Community Meeting Notes - 11 July 2025</title>
          <pubDate>Fri, 11 Jul 2025 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
          <author>Unknown</author>
          <link>https://bootc-dev.github.io/news/2025-july-11-community-meeting/</link>
          <guid>https://bootc-dev.github.io/news/2025-july-11-community-meeting/</guid>
          <description xml:base="https://bootc-dev.github.io/news/2025-july-11-community-meeting/">&lt;h3 id=&quot;attendees&quot;&gt;Attendees:&lt;&#x2F;h3&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Joseph Marrero Corchado (Red Hat, Inc.)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Colin Walters&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Robert Sturla (Tesco Bank&#x2F;Universal Blue)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Laura Santamaria (she&#x2F;her)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Hristo Marinov&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;John Eckersberg (Red Hat, Inc.)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Dusty (he&#x2F;him)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Antheas Kapenekakis (Bazzite)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Mohan&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chris Kyrouac&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Gursewak Mangat&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;h3 id=&quot;agenda&quot;&gt;Agenda:&lt;&#x2F;h3&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;New release status: &lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;bootc-dev&#x2F;bootc&#x2F;issues&#x2F;1390&quot;&gt;bootc-dev&#x2F;bootc#1390&lt;&#x2F;a&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;folks agreed on this&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;[Laura] &lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;events.linuxfoundation.org&#x2F;kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america&#x2F;&quot;&gt;KubeCon NA 2025&lt;&#x2F;a&gt; &lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;events.linuxfoundation.org&#x2F;kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america&#x2F;features-add-ons&#x2F;project-opportunities&#x2F;#description-of-opportunities&quot;&gt;Project Pavilion application&lt;&#x2F;a&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;November 10-13 - Atlanta, Georgia&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Who is going to KubeCon NA 2025 already?
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Laura&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;We&#x27;ll get a project pavilion submission scheduled (probably from Joseph or Colin who already submitted a talk)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ublue - Collaboration
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Folks are joining :)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Robert, Antheas from the Ublue community&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Colin would like to do 1:1s
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;dustymabe: an office hours like set time could help facilitate this (+1 - Laura)&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;hhd-dev&#x2F;rechunk&quot;&gt;rechunker alignment&lt;&#x2F;a&gt;&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;bootc-dev&#x2F;bootc&#x2F;issues&#x2F;1016&quot;&gt;progress-fd&lt;&#x2F;a&gt;&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class=&quot;external&quot; rel=&quot;noopener noreferrer&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;bootc-dev&#x2F;bootc&#x2F;issues&#x2F;7&quot;&gt;systemd-sysext frontend&lt;&#x2F;a&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Motivated by combinatorial explosion of gnome|kde * nvidia|amd * surface|framework|lenovo&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;discussion of downsides of systemd-sysext as defined today, vs&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
&lt;h3 id=&quot;todo&quot;&gt;TODO:&lt;&#x2F;h3&gt;
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;input disabled=&quot;&quot; type=&quot;checkbox&quot; checked=&quot;&quot;&#x2F;&gt;
Put project pavilion application&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;input disabled=&quot;&quot; type=&quot;checkbox&quot; checked=&quot;&quot;&#x2F;&gt;
Keep smaller, more focused meetings&lt;&#x2F;li&gt;
&lt;&#x2F;ul&gt;
</description>
      </item>
    </channel>
</rss>
