+++
title = "Bootc Community Meeting Notes - 11 July 2025"
date = 2025-07-11
slug = "2025-july-11-community-meeting"
+++

### Attendees:
- Joseph Marrero Corchado (Red Hat, Inc.)
- Colin Walters
- Robert Sturla (Tesco Bank/Universal Blue)
- Laura Santamaria (she/her)
- Hristo Marinov
- John Eckersberg (Red Hat, Inc.)
- Dusty (he/him)
- Antheas Kapenekakis (Bazzite)
- Mohan
- Chris Kyrouac
- Gursewak Mangat

### Agenda:
- New release status: [bootc-dev/bootc#1390](https://github.com/bootc-dev/bootc/issues/1390)
    - folks agreed on this
- {{speaker(name="Laura")}} [KubeCon NA 2025](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/) [Project Pavilion application](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/features-add-ons/project-opportunities/#description-of-opportunities)
    - November 10-13 - Atlanta, Georgia
    - Who is going to KubeCon NA 2025 already?
        - Laura
    - We'll get a project pavilion submission scheduled (probably from Joseph or Colin who already submitted a talk)
- Ublue - Collaboration
    - Folks are joining :)
    - Robert, Antheas from the Ublue community
    - Colin would like to do 1:1s
        - dustymabe: an office hours like set time could help facilitate this (+1 - Laura)
- [rechunker alignment](https://github.com/hhd-dev/rechunk)
- [progress-fd](https://github.com/bootc-dev/bootc/issues/1016)
- [systemd-sysext frontend](https://github.com/bootc-dev/bootc/issues/7)
    - Motivated by combinatorial explosion of gnome|kde * nvidia|amd * surface|framework|lenovo
    - discussion of downsides of systemd-sysext as defined today, vs

### TODO:
* [x] Put project pavilion application
* [x] Keep smaller, more focused meetings